1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
I am curious if the breakup foods are correlation or causation. Its possible for that a state is high in pizza eating so it is also high in break up foods.

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
The highest is 100.
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
The lowest is 72

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?
The highest is 89 and the lowest is 75-76
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
The Milkshake line looks lower and flatter compared to before.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
Because it is in contrast to the other line. I believe that is why the line looks different 

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?
I do not it really looks like they are moving completely independent of each other
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
These are closer together but they don't look to be moving in the same pattern.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?
The article is probably mixing up causality and correlation. Most likely the writers know the difference but are just trying to get clicks.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.” Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
It was Pennsylvania
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
For hamburger it is also Pennsylvania