1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
This is a page created for a lot of raw data for conducting research 

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
There are 402,377 data

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category?
They are tagged this way because the data that they are reviewing all pertaining to human health

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
Just by clicking on the USDA picture we are able to do to the rest of the data sources that they have

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.


6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
The NCEI came up for my city. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency came up for my county. Also for my state

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. 
Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your results?
It cuts down the amount of data available by a large amount

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative to find what you’re looking for.
Searching for nutrition narrows the dataset results significantly compared to food composition.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take some time to explore the FoodData Central website.


a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you get? What happens when you click on a result?
When you search for foods like butter on FoodData Central, you get detailed nutrition data such as calories, fats, vitamins, and minerals.

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available?
On the Downloads page, you can find large datasets containing detailed nutritional information for various foods.